to the qg to subscribers welcome to the
minute minecraft a show of the
minecraft zephyr chain that teaches you
something on my card in a minute
today a small long version
so we cheat a little bit because we
has a very interesting subject ie
the planes
so a year ago in pastry at
bate the jul minecraft mojang
introduced the players tijd so we
had just 5tet got to bhl
in the creative midst and in the game for the
wall street in school to do the
beacon and it served us as decoration
that you are very interesting
afterwards, Ms. Zhang added a
function a command that could
heal in the cat as in a common
ocs that allowed us to have the
specific joyful sizes that is to say
a player who exists only a tale
minecraft for example girls that's at
tell me so the way to see that I
will show you
currently in the description he's going
absolutely see all the sizes that
I used in this tutorial so that
it's a small gift you have not
need to retain it per case you can
to booze it's going to be awesome
so it's just a give command
to the person closest to the item
397 ie a players head a
times the type of tahiti number three and
we will specify that the person to whom
belongs the skull it's and girls so
by doing this cut you get my
head what is really very
interesting so really that can you
simply make decorations
very interesting if you want to have
wanted youtuber favorite in your
construction
so that's pretty interesting but we
saw a little bit further than that
as you saw we have five mob but he
there are more people than that in minecraft
fexco makes nineteen banks which them
responsible at mojang's
development tomorrow kraft what was
created accounts called dmh fc
account there it's just as if
you buy your account and you
name the girls and your skins and her
great and well fcd mechs account that
been created by maud young people who are
only specialized to have a
special skin head like for example
Justice is another mhf Blaise therefore
our mhf blaise was created only
for our fans decorating heads of
white players
very interesting noted that when you
use the wheel on a head that
walk not really have to use the
order so that's how we do not
may have thanks god bound all the
sizes of the game modes so that's it
really very interesting even ibrahim
mythological characters
so if you want to put in your
constructions that it can be a
really cool decoration so this one
which is absolutely balannec so that
it's really very interesting if we
wants to use a chicken head one can
use the head as many facts
and oil machet or little used the head
bass of spades besides the two I
do not know why you're on the hen
is now you will explain me it's
really very funny but so now
we want to use we can push more
far so those presently we saw
the screen which use them to
personality to customize everything
simply character disks from
pnj of mob but could we not more
push further and use the skins
of characters to become an element
decorative
that's what we're going to do instinctively
so instead of screaming
of animals puts skins that could
be boilerplate to create a
atmosphere or improve our
environment and that's what makes
the jump in h adds a dma chef
cactus for example so you can see
that it's really cool in a
desert canister mhf axa chest has
really your room to small boxes
on the edge of the bed for a map
adventure is very complete minimal
along very interesting way a way of
make branches russia in mini
tnt thing it's really cool here
two types of tnt do justice and a
wind rose simply for
give indications in your
master server exclamation points
important message for regions its
walls zur if you understand this
joke and you're a come of the
minecraft community
I am here now the attentionful eye
very high
that's what all the heads that
god that our good brought in this is
that but it does not stop there that stuff
because you can now
also use random players that
you found on minecraft that go
simply allow you to have
different skins so if we have the
player called sdz so it's not
a beggar that christ is really
a player who bought the game and who
wrote that and who told him me it's ok
to be a beer my account for that it's
really very interesting
after that there would be angry at barembach
soul who made a camera a cake
a radio so the blue teaches to
which radio a mini library c
boem beats so great but watch out these
seven lots are subject to change
for example me michael zephyr
it's very interesting I have my skin
but if I wanted to change for a head
of robot and ben I can also I change
for a robot head my skin has to
change also for a robot head
so if you have the head of a bohemian
beats to make a decoration of
libraries and that unfortunately he
songs what is not yours
decoration and to the public and so do
attention these topics to change then
that the likes chief never changes so
that's very interesting indeed
in the description game website
sober adults who is fully
intended to find piles is
interesting players so really
can be interesting where left
in the comments if you have a
head that could be useful to the
decoration of certain scenes
it can be very interesting too
last subtlety
you could notice if I'm doing f5 that
I do not have the moon on my skin
simply because what you
go on display it's your skull and no
not the accessory
so you can have accessories
like for example when you saw
skins the sick first example
shorty no fish oxygen mask
why well simply because
it is an accessory to his skin while
his head and well as I wanted
present
so that can really be a look
important detail to note society effineo
for the chain in fact shows a like
said my little avatar here peace and blood
stone do not forget to look at the
previous minecraft minutes they are
very interesting country
he